Then I'd like to see it
Who will be killed when the Night City Lord arrives?
You rubbish
Then let you carry it for a while
You'll know when you die
I can see him.
It's his pleasure.
Stop talking nonsense with him
The waste will arrive in 10 minutes
What about the owner of Night City?
Night City Main Road
Mr. Sun, I have delivered your heart of the ocean to you.
This is the true heart of the ocean
So what?
Why do you say mine is fake?
well known
There is only one string of ocean hearts
Then you mean my Sichuan is fake.
No, no, no, Lord City Lord, listen to my explanation
The Xu family can't wait, right?
I beg you
Please forgive me
Offended Mr. S
You want me to spare you?
Xu Zheng, what else do you have to say now?
Even if this one of yours is real
Such a precious heart of the ocean
How can you, a poor man, afford it?
naive
How much is this?